Add macOS to the OS list (#313)
mrc-ide/covid-sim: README.md

## Building

> The model is written in C++ and runs on Windows, macOS and Linux-based systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model is written in C++.

The primary platforms it has been developed and tested on are Windows and Ubuntu Linux.

It should build and run on any other POSIX compliant Unix-like platform (for example macOS, other Linux distributions).  However, no active development occurs on them.
```

I want to set expectations about where we have tested.  Yes the CI loop tests on more platforms than Ubuntu Linux & Windows, but that is not all the testing that occurs.
